[FEATURE] Session IP Validation (#829)
authelia/authelia: docs/security/measures.md

of 10 minutes. This means the hard limit or the time the session will be destroyed no matter
what is 2 hours, and the soft limit or the time a user can be inactive for is 10 minutes. 

You can also decrease the security by setting disable_ip_check to `true`. The IP check ensures
that when a users remote IP address changes that their session is completely destroyed and they 

> must reauthenticate. This can help prevent stolen devices with saved credentials compremising

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must re-authenticate. This can help prevent stolen devices with saved credentials compromising
```
